Add a doc page  about wifi (#629)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

See the xref:faq.adoc#_why_is_the_dnsmasq_service_systemd_unit_masked[Why is the `dnsmasq.service` systemd unit masked]
entry for an example config to unmask this unit.

== How do I keep dropped wireless firmware?

> Some Wi-Fi firmware blbos were split into sub-packages in Fedora 39 and Fedora 40. Fedora Cores OS will keep them in until Fedora 41, but display a warning message in the console if NetworkManager-wifi is layered without any other wifi firmware packages having a layering request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Wi-Fi firmwares were split into subpackages in Fedora 39 and Fedora 40. Fedora CoreOS will keep them in until Fedora 41, but display a warning message in the console if NetworkManager-wifi is layered without any other Wi-Fi firmware packages layered.
```

> If `NetworkManager-wifi` is a requested layered package, a warning is displayed to encourage users to also request a WiFi firmware package to prevent disrupted connectivity.

Reviewer: This repeats the previous sentence.

To request the Wi-Fi firmware stay installed even when Fedora CoreOS drops these packages please follow the xref:sysconfig-enabling-wifi.adoc#_on_an_existing_fedora_coreos_system[steps to perform Wi-Fi enablement on an existing system].

> Once the packages are requested you can now disable the warning so it won't be checked on subsequent boots.

Reviewer: The warning should go away on its own once the request a firmware package, no?

Reviewer 2: yes, but the logic behind the warning will run on every boot, which isn't optimal. Preferably it wouldn't run.

See the xref:faq.adoc#_why_is_the_dnsmasq_service_systemd_unit_masked[Why is the `dnsmasq.service` systemd unit masked]
entry for an example config to unmask this unit.

== How do I add the missing wifi-firmwares ?

> Some wifi-firmwares will be split into sub-packages in fedora 40.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some wifi-firmwares will be split into sub-packages in Fedora 39 and Fedora 40.
```

> Fedora Cores OS will keep them in until fedora 41, but display a
> warning message in the console if NetworkManager-wifi is layered without
> any other wifi firmwares.

Reviewer 2: Alternative wording:

```suggestion
Fedora Cores OS will keep them in until Fedora 41, but display a
warning message in the console if NetworkManager-wifi is layered without
any other wifi firmware packages having a layering request.
```

If NetworkManager-wifi is a requested layered package, a warning is

> displayed to encourage users to also add a wifi-firmware.

Reviewer 2: Here is a good place to mention the nuance of installing one versus all firwmares. any one system probably only needs one of the firmwares, but the tricky part is knowing which one.

So let's list some options here and then mention to them that if they don't know which one they need then just install them all. i.e.:

- `atheros-firmware` # Firmware for Qualcomm Atheros WiFi/Bluetooth adapters
- `realtek-firmware`: Firmware for Realtek WiFi/Bluetooth adapters

Reviewer 2: we can list the ones we know about here in the instructions..

so we have the list.. then we say if you know the one you need then just:

```
rpm-ostree install --allow-inactive atheros-firmware
```

if you don't know the one you need then

```
rpm-ostree install --allow-inactive atheros-firmware realtek-firmware a b c d e f g
```

Author: ok, that's going to be a long command though.. I was hoping for a group-style thing I wasn't aware about :) 
will update

Reviewer 2: yeah, if you want to break it up to make it look better you can like this:

```
rpm-ostree install --allow-inactive \
    atheros-firmware                \
    realtek-firmware                \
    ...
```

.Install thre required firmware for your hardware:
[source, text]
----

> $ sudo rpm-ostree install iwlwifi-dvm-firmware

Reviewer 2: let's add `--allow-inactive` here:

```
[core@cosa-devsh ~]$ sudo rpm-ostree install atheros-firmware 
error: "atheros-firmware" is already provided by: atheros-firmware-20240312-1.fc40.noarch. Use --allow-inactive to explicitly require it.
```

----

> Then reboot the system. The warning should go away.
> 
> You can always disable the warning with:
> [source, text]
> ----
> sudo systemctl disable coreos-check-wireless-firmwares.service
> ----

Reviewer 2: I would just say to reboot the system and not worry about saying the warning will go away. 
```suggestion
Then reboot the system.
```

Reviewer 2: actually no.. let's tell them to always disable the check so it won't run on every boot (i.e. they have taken necessary action now).

so tell them to run the `systemctl disable` and then reboot the system
